https://www.tecmint.com/setup-ipsec-vpn-with-strongswan-on-debian-ubuntu/
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/answers/questions/1148931/error-with-vpn-connection
Tere is the meaning of each configuration parameter:

config setup – specifies general configuration information for IPSec which applies to all connections.
charondebug – defines how much Charon debugging output should be logged.
uniqueids – specifies whether a particular participant ID should be kept unique.
conn prodgateway-to-devgateway – defines connection name.
type – defines connection type.
auto – how to handle connection when IPSec is started or restarted.
keyexchange – defines the version of the IKE protocol to use.
authby – defines how peers should authenticate each other.
left – defines the IP address of the left participant’s public-network interface.
leftsubnet – states the private subnet behind the left participant.
right – specifies the IP address of the right participant’s public-network interface.
rightsubnet – states the private subnet behind the left participant.
ike – defines a list of IKE/ISAKMP SA encryption/authentication algorithms to be used. You can add a comma-separated list.
esp – defines a list of ESP encryption/authentication algorithms to be used for the connection. You can add a comma-separated list.
aggressive – states whether to use Aggressive or Main Mode.
keyingtries – states the number of attempts that should be made to negotiate a connection.
ikelifetime – states how long the keying channel of a connection should last before being renegotiated.
lifetime – defines how long a particular instance of a connection should last, from successful negotiation to expiry.
dpddelay – specifies the time interval with which R_U_THERE messages/INFORMATIONAL exchanges are sent to the peer.
dpdtimeout – specifies the timeout interval, after which all connections to a peer are deleted in case of inactivity.
dpdaction – defines how to use the Dead Peer Detection(DPD) protocol to manage the connection.

man ipsec.conf